hostname=EC0004NDO MSHTA
hostname=EC0004NDO Scripting
hostname=EC0004NDO InstallUtil
hostname=EC0004NDO New_Service
hostname=EC0004NDO Password_DLL_Filter

hostname=NS0000HXE New_Service
hostname=NS0000HXE MSHTA
hostname=NS0000HXE InstallUtil
hostname=NS0000HXE Scripting
hostname=NS0000HXE Create_Account

hostname=WW0006CDP MSHTA
hostname=WW0006CDP Scripting
hostname=WW0006CDP Create_Account
hostname=WW0006CDP New_Service
hostname=WW0006CDP Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=WW0006CDP Password_DLL_Filter
hostname=WW0006CDP Process_Injection
hostname=WW0006CDP InstallUtil

hostname=SB0004VPD Password_DLL_Filter
hostname=SB0004VPD MSHTA
hostname=SB0004VPD Scripting
hostname=SB0004VPD InstallUtil
hostname=SB0004VPD Create_Account
hostname=SB0004VPD New_Service
hostname=SB0004VPD Process_Injection

hostname=SN0002LNO MSHTA
hostname=SN0002LNO Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=SN0002LNO Create_Account
hostname=SN0002LNO Scripting
hostname=SN0002LNO InstallUtil
hostname=SN0002LNO New_Service
hostname=SN0002LNO Process_Injection

hostname=NT0002LNO Scripting
hostname=NT0002LNO Create_Account
hostname=NT0002LNO Create_Account
hostname=NT0002LNO Scripting
hostname=NT0002LNO Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=NT0002LNO Create_Account
hostname=NT0002LNO Accessibility_Features
hostname=NT0002LNO Accessibility_Features
hostname=NT0002LNO Application_Shimming
hostname=NT0002LNO Registry_Run_Keys_Start_Folder

hostname=SB0001FSX Create_Account
hostname=SB0001FSX Accessibility_Features
hostname=SB0001FSX Screensaver
hostname=SB0001FSX System_Time_Discovery
hostname=SB0001FSX MSHTA
hostname=SB0001FSX Accessibility_Features
hostname=SB0001FSX Screensaver
hostname=SB0001FSX Logon_Scripts

hostname=WW0007FSX Process_Injection
hostname=WW0007FSX Accessibility_Features
hostname=WW0007FSX Indirect_Command_Execution
hostname=WW0007FSX Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=WW0007FSX Scheduled_Task
hostname=WW0007FSX Credential_Dumping
hostname=WW0007FSX Scripting
hostname=WW0007FSX Scripting

hostname=WC0005JHQ Credential_Dumping
hostname=WC0005JHQ Scripting
hostname=WC0005JHQ Accessibility_Features
hostname=WC0005JHQ Rundll32
hostname=WC0005JHQ Indirect_Command_Execution
hostname=WC0005JHQ Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=WC0005JHQ Process_Injection
hostname=WC0005JHQ Scripting
hostname=WC0005JHQ Scheduled_Task

hostname=WL0003RHG Accessibility_Features
hostname=WL0003RHG Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=WL0003RHG Process_Injection
hostname=WL0003RHG Credential_Dumping
hostname=WL0003RHG Scheduled_Task
hostname=WL0003RHG Rundll32
hostname=WL0003RHG Scripting

hostname=SS0004NDO Scheduled_Task
hostname=SS0004NDO Indirect_Command_Execution
hostname=SS0004NDO Credential_Dumping
hostname=SS0004NDO Process_Injection
hostname=SS0004NDO Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=SS0004NDO Rundll32

hostname=WL0003RYA Scripting
hostname=WL0003RYA Process_Injection
hostname=WL0003RYA Scheduled_Task
hostname=WL0003RYA Modify_Existing_Service
hostname=WL0003RYA Rundll32
